# IDSHW2
Link: https://share.streamlit.io/yinmiaoli/idshw2/main/HW2.py
1. A clear description of the goals of your project.  
The data I chose is “New York City Airbnb Open Data”. The data includes the latitude and longitude of each room, the price of the room, the room type, and the neighbourhood each room belongs to. It will be interesting to see how many rooms each location have and the price of roms in each neighborhood, we could also see how will the quantity changes and top 5 expensive and 5 cheapest rooms when we select specific room types. In short, I’m trying to help landlord to see potential opportunities to increase specific room types in different locations. It also helps people who are looking for an airbnb in New York to see the room choices and price in different neighborhood.

2. A rationale for your design decisions.  
I browsed the streamlit gallery, and found the examples that used maps to display the number of things in each geolocation very useful in my case. Therefore, I referred to these two links: https://share.streamlit.io/streamlit/demo-uber-nyc-pickups/ https://docs.streamlit.io/library/get-started/create-an-app I used the map to display in each area, how many rooms does it contain. At the same time, I would like to display the price, and see the relationship of price and neighborhood. From the link https://www.kaggle.com/erikbruin/airbnb-the-amsterdam-story-with-interactive-maps, I got inspired that I should display the top 5 expensive and top 5 cheapest place to live in for different room types. I think histogram is great to display the information. The interaction involved in maps are scrolling and zooming, you could see the relation of the number of rooms in different places. Another interaction is checkbox. Users could tick checkboxes to select their interested room types. Checking the checkbox could filter the selected room types and see the information of selected room types. I consider to use histograms for all the visuals, including the number of rooms in each location, sorted by neighborhood. But I think displaying on map is more straightforward.  

3. An overview of your development process.  
I first select data from kaggle. There are a lot of interesting dataset, I chose this one comparing with Tokyo Olympics tweets dataset. Because the tweets dataset, though it’s interesting, it contains too much text information and less quant information. Then I conduct a quick EDA. I dropped the rows that contain null data. And I also tried to see the unique values of each column (conduct in jupyter notebook). I referred to codes and tutorials from the previous three links, and apply with this NYC Airbnb dataset. The time spend developing the application is 12-15hs. I spend several hours to select and compare the datasets. Also several hours to understand the code from the tutorials. It also took me some time to figure out how to display these visualizations. Understanding the tutorials code is not that hard, however, using the code and apply it on my chosen dataset takes most of the time. I also referred to pandas documentation on filtering the dataset, etc.
